it's August 2008 in the Mississippi and
its many tributaries a purely man-made
swarm is on the rise
in the 1970s silver car were
accidentally introduced into these
waters after escaping from a fish farm
they know outnumber local fish by 10 to
they have some truly bizarre behavior
some and clear 3 meters in a single leap
you
they say it went fish are leaping it's
good for anglers it's certainly the case
in this part of the river here fishermen
don't even need a rod in line fish are
only too willing to do the job for them
it's a phenomenon that takes some
getting used to
that could be cut man cut hey man your
man could be good mate hey we don't mean
and get a bishop always takes even in
case but this kind of angling has its
dangers
lately mommy to anybody it's not just
anglers who are affected pleasurekraft
have to run the gauntlet to
you know it hurt
there's a massive fish flying of the
water behind them i mean large the
secret of this extraordinary behavior
lies in the boats motors
the fish mystique pressure wave from the
propeller for the movement of predators
and literally jump with fright
they react an alarm to every passing
boat
with numbers close to bursting point
each leaping fish scares its neighbor
creating a dangerous chain reaction
are some we over 40 pounds collisions
can be deadly
in some parts of the river 200 fish
missiles can launch at any one time they
have already caused serious injuries and
as they spread to other rivers the
danger increases by the deed
silver carp are a swarm that we
accidentally created living proof that
as we interfere with the balance of
nature we create more swarms but there
is ones